Update documentation (#44)
LedgerHQ/web3allowlist: README.md

## Contributing

> Allow list are per by dApp aka website, then blockchain, and each blockchain has a list of dApps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow lists are per by dApp aka webdomain, then blockchain, and each blockchain has a list of contracts.
```

> Each dApp has a list of contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
